---
layout: user-post
title:  "OEM"
date:   2014-10-13 10:52:00
category: user/player
order: 3
---


###How to bundle the Rise Vision Chrome App with your hardware
You can bundle the Rise Vision Chrome App with your hardware to provide a user-friendly experience for your customers.

Because Rise Vision Chrome App Player is built on the [Chrome Platform API](https://developer.chrome.com/apps/about_apps), the Google Chrome browser is required to install it. Here's how:

1. Install Google Chrome. You can download it [from here](https://www.google.com/chrome/browser/desktop/index.html).
2. Once Google Chrome has been installed, open it and navigate to [www.risevision.com/player](www.risevision.com/player) and install the Rise Vision Chrome App Player.
3. Configure the Rise Vision Chrome App Player to run on startup.

####How to Configure the Rise Vision Chrome App Player for Startup

####On Linux

1. Open a new Tab in Google Chrome, and browse to chrome://apps. 
2. Right-click on the Rise Vision Chrome App Player, and select Create Shortcuts. Create a Shortcut for the Desktop.
3. From the Dash search button, search for Startup Applications, and open it. 
4. Drag the Desktop shortcut into the Startup Applications window, and restart your display. The Rise Vision Chrome App Player will start automatically.

####On a Mac

1. From the Dock, open System Preferences, and then Users and Groups.
2. Click on the current User, and then Login Items. Before modifying the Login Items, press the Lock at the bottom left of the screen to make changes.
3. Open Finder, and go to “Username\Applications\Chrome Apps” and drag the Rise Vision Chrome App Player into the Login Items for the current User. Click the Lock again to prevent further changes.
4. Restart your display, and the Rise Vision Chrome App Player will start automatically.

####On Windows

1. Open a Tab in Chrome, and browse to chrome://apps. Right-click on the Rise Vision Chrome App Player, and select Create Shortcuts. Create a Shortcut for the Desktop.
2. Copy and paste the Desktop shortcut into "C:\ProgramData\Microsoft\Windows\Start"

####On Chrome OS

- Chrome Device Management is the recommended method for configuring the Rise Vision Chrome App to auto-start.

- ######What is Chrome Device Management?
Chrome device management gives Chrome for Work Administrators the ability to configue policies for a Chrome device, such as configuring an application to start automatically on boot-up.
For more details on managing Chrome devices using Chrome Device Management, please see the documentation [here](https://support.google.com/chrome/a/answer/1289314?hl=en).

####How to Configure Single App Kiosk Mode for Managed Devices

1. From the Chrome admin panel, navigate to Device Management > Chrome > Device Settings.
2. Select the organizational unit you want to configure the kiosk settings for.
3. Under Single App Kiosk, select Allow Single App Kiosk.
4. Select Manage Kiosk Settings. A dialog will appear titled Kiosk Apps.
5. From the dialog, select the Chrome Web Store option and search for Rise Vision Chrome App Player.
6. In the search results, select Add to the right of the Rise Vision Chrome App Player.
7. Select Save.
8. In the Auto-Launch Kiosk App dropdown menu, select Rise Vision Chrome App Player.
9. Save the settings.

Devices enrolled and assigned to the organizational unit with the configuration above will have the Rise Vision Chrome App automatically installed and configured to run on start-up.

More information about Single App Kiosk Mode can be found [here](https://support.google.com/chromebook/answer/3134673?hl=en).