---
layout: post
title:  "Storage"
date:   2014-10-23 10:52:00
category: documentation/storage-api
parent-order: 0
order: 0
---

#### Introduction

Storage provides the ability to manage media that can be used by and referenced from the Rise Vision digital signage platform.

The Storage API provides the ability to programmatically manage Storage using Google API javascript client also referred to as "gapi".

These api calls can help to communicate with the google cloud storage api that is used to upload and download files.  Files are stored as objects in google storage
and each company id gets a bucket created for them in google storage.  Each company Id is assigned to one and only one bucket. This bucket stores the objects.  Objects themselves can be folders which enable
you to store objects inside objects and create a nested folder structure.  Below are the available methods with gapi.client once gapi is properly loaded:

#### [storage.createBucket](# {% post_url /documentation/storage-api/storage/2014-10-23-storage.createBucket %})

Adds a new bucket under the given company-id.

***

#### [storage.createFolder](# {% post_url /documentation/storage-api/storage/2014-10-23-storage.createFolder %})

Adds a new folder under the given company-id and folder.

***

#### [storage.deleteBucket](# {% post_url /documentation/storage-api/storage/2014-10-23-storage.deleteBucket %})

deletes the bucket under the given company-id.

***

#### [storage.getBucketBandwidth](# {% post_url /documentation/storage-api/storage/2014-10-23-storage.getBucketBandwidth %})

gets the bandwidth of the google storage bucket for the given company-id.

***

#### [cstorage.getResumableUploadURI](# {% post_url /documentation/storage-api/storage/2014-10-23-storage.getResumableUploadURI %})

gets the upload URI for the given company id and filename.

***

#### [storage.files.delete](# {% post_url /documentation/storage-api/storage/2014-10-23-storage.files.delete %})

deletes a file or group of files for the given company id and strings of file names.

***

#### [storage.files.get](# {% post_url /documentation/storage-api/storage/2014-10-23-storage.files.get %})

gets and returns the list of files given a company id and optional folder name.

***
